So you can create your own variables for use in your scripts.  You can kind of think of a variable like
a box.
The box will stay the same, but you can put different things in it or it can be empty.
So, like, this could be our box.
It's a variable.
But when we run it on the command line, we're telling it to put /tmp in the box and /Users in
the box and then that variable will expand when our script is run.
So instead of that variable, your box has these values in it.
So that's all just kind of theory.
But let's look at how you can actually make them in your scripts.
So just clear my screen to get that stuff off there and I'm going to make a new variable called 'allegiance'.
So the syntax here is a variable name of your choice, the equals sign, and then you set it to whatever
you want it to equal.
So I made a variable named 'allegiance' and I said it equal to the word 'dark', for the dark side of the
force.
So you can do 'echo $allegiance' and then it has your value in there.
So create a new script called 'vars.sh', "i" for Insert Mode,
'#!/bin/bash', a comment if you want
'my first variable'.  'allegiance=dark', and then I'll just do a little echo.
So so here I'm using this dollar sign syntax--is what will expand your variable, so I do dollar sign
and then the variable name that I created.  Escape, ":wq".
'chmod 755 vars.sh'. So you made your first variable and then now in the next section, you
can run it and we'll see what's in it.